Programming Log
------------------------------

MM/DD Name:

12/23 Dristi: Code for compliance wheels to grab glyph

11/28 Dristi: Removed rotation to sense Vuforia.
        Adjusted some distances for robot pathing to cryptobox.
        Adjusted wait times and timeouts in encoder/turn methods.
        Fixed some incorrect turning angles after testing.
        Cleaned up excess comments.

11/25  Dristi: Created a case to determine the path of robot based on field position.
       Created methods for each field position.
       Created method for knocking off jewel (CheckJewel)
            - robot will now turn to knock off the jewel instead of driving forward
       Made WaitFor method to replace code for wait times.

11/21 Dristi: Added/fixed the EncoderDrive method and the turning methods.
       Took measurements for path distances on the field and coded in paths.
       Added code for wait times in between actions.
       Added another set of motors for wheels and corresponding code for drive/turn methods

11/20 Dristi: Created AutonomousRobot class with encoder methods and instance fields for imu, vuforia, and colorsensor
         Added more TankOp controls for arms/linear lift.
         Cleaned up code and added more comments.

11/19 Thomas: By the looks of things, all of the code needs to be commented. When I say 'commented,'
    I mean two things: one, that you have small comments of sections, varibles, and whatnot, two, that
    code blocks and or logic is explained in detail either in a block comment or external documentation.
    I have removed some extra code and otherwise simplified what was already here, but you guys need
    to look over everything. Additionally, I'd suggest making a default autonomous class with basic
    movement and turning commands. Like a class called "Autonomous" with encoderDrive, encoderTurn,
    placeGlyph, etc.

11/18 Dristi, Carson, Andrea: Got encoders to return correct color of jewel
       Got Vuforia to return correct VuMark
       Got Encoders to run correctly through test class
       Added IMU class
       Fixed autonomous sequence to return Vuforia > Color Sensor > drive forward

10/19 Dristi: Set robot motors' runMode to run using encoders.
       Added vuforia parameters, relic trackables, and relic template to hardware.
       Initialized vuforia licence key and camera in robot constructor
       Added conditional statement to check for VuMark are store the detected enum as a string.

10/12 Dristi: Added encoder constants (need to be changed) and encoderDrive method to Hardware Robot

10/4 Dristi: Added controller inputs to the TankOp mode. Created POVOp mode class and added
     POV controller inputs.
        Tank: Each joystick can increase/decrease the power of its respective motor (left joystick controls leftdrive motor)
        POV: Uses a math algorithm to move robot forward/backward bases on the y input of the left joystick and turn by using
        the x input of the right joystick

9/11 Thomas: This is where you will log what you added, edited, or created each day.
    Please make a post whenever you do anything to the code. This post should serve
    as an example of the correct format for a log post and new posts should be placed
    above existing ones. Logging not only prevents confusion, but can help in debugging
    and problem shooting as well. Thanks, and I look forward to an exciting season!